Update documentation: generalize conference references, add web UI docs, API docs for all modules (#243)
thawn/abstracts-explorer: docs/web_ui.md

# Web Interface

Abstracts Explorer ships with a browser-based UI for searching, chatting, rating,
and visualizing conference abstracts. Start it with:

```bash
abstracts-explorer web-ui          # production (Waitress)
abstracts-explorer web-ui --dev    # development (Flask debug server)
```

Then open <http://127.0.0.1:5000> in your browser.

A live demo is available at [abstracts.hzdr.de](https://abstracts.hzdr.de).

![Web UI overview](images/screenshot.png)

The interface is organized into four tabs described below. A **header bar** at
the top lets you filter globally by conference and year; the selected filters
apply to every tab.

## Search Abstracts

![Search tab](images/web-ui-search.png)

The default tab. Type a query and press **Search** to find matching papers.

**Features:**

> - **Keyword search** — matches titles and abstracts by default.

Reviewer: do not mention keyword search. This is currently disabled for the web-ui

- **Semantic search** — when embeddings are available, results are ranked by
  AI-powered similarity rather than simple keyword matching. Toggle this in
  the settings (gear icon).
- **Filters** — open the settings modal to narrow results by session/track.
  You can also use the global conference and year selectors in the header.
- **Results per page** — choose 10, 25, 50, or 100 results in settings.
- **Star ratings** — click the stars on any paper card to rate it (1–5).
  Rated papers automatically appear in the *Interesting Papers* tab.

**Example use-cases:**

- Search `"uncertainty quantification"` to find UQ-related papers across all
  loaded conferences.
- Filter to *ICLR 2025* in the header, then search `"vision transformer"` to
  see only that conference's results.

> ## AI Chat

Reviewer: describe the purpose of each MCP tool that the chat can use and give example prompts and answers for each tool. a real example for topic importance and paper search exists in docs/chat_example.md

  paper title; click to view full details below the plot.
- **Legend** — cluster names (generated via TF-IDF keywords or LLM labeling)
  are listed alongside the plot. Click a cluster name to highlight it.
- **Custom query search** — enter a free-text query and a distance radius to
  highlight papers close to that query in embedding space.
- **Export** — download the raw clustering data as JSON for further analysis.

**Example use-cases:**

- Open the Clusters tab to get a bird's-eye view of research topics at a
  conference.
- Type `"graph neural networks"` in the custom query box with a distance of
  1.0 to see which papers are semantically close to that topic.
- Click on an outlier dot to discover an unusual or cross-disciplinary paper
  you might otherwise miss.

## Starting the Web UI

### Command-line options

```bash
abstracts-explorer web-ui [OPTIONS]
```

| Option | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `--host TEXT` | Bind address (default: `127.0.0.1`) |
| `--port INTEGER` | Port number (default: `5000`) |
| `--dev` | Use Flask development server instead of Waitress |
| `-v` / `-vv` | Increase log verbosity |

### Docker / Podman

> When running via Docker Compose the web UI is exposed on port 5000 by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running via Docker Compose the web UI is exposed on port 443 (https) by default.
```
